when editing with others in Cutting Room
here's some things to note when entering
your home screen you will quickly see
which rooms your colleagues are in as we
can see in the story collaborating in
Cutting Room Cutting Room makes it
possible to see who you are
collaborating with in a story by showing
their Avatar icons when two or more
people are editing a story together you
will be able to see where they are
working in the story by the placement of
their playhead you can see the changes
that the other user makes as they are
made if if you'd like to get input from
other users in a story we recommend
making a comments graphic do this by
creating a new graphic template click on
the default text element and turn the
opacity down to Zero Save the template
as comment or any other preferred name
this way when adding this saved graphic
to a story you can type in the issue or
the input needed for other users to view
this text won't be visible over the
story but other users can see that the
comment was made if you or your
colleagues import videos Graphics images
or music but cannot see them in the
toolbar simply refresh the page and they
should appear
[Music]